Add Landing Page docs (#93)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/components/landing_pages.rst

Landing pages
#############

There are two way to extend Landing Pages:
- Landing Page tokens used to insert Dynamic Content into a Landing Page
- A/B test winning criteria

Both leverage the ``\Mautic\PageBundle\PageEvents::PAGE_ON_BUILD`` event. Read more about :ref:`Event listeners`.

.. vale off

Landing Page tokens
*******************

.. vale on

Landing Page tokens get handled exactly the same as :ref:`Email tokens<Email tokens and A/B testing>`.

.. vale off

Page A/B Test Winner Criteria
*****************************

Custom Landing Page A/B test winner criteria get handled exactly the same as :ref:`Email A/B test winner criteria<Email tokens and A/B testing>` with the only differences being that the ``callback`` function gets passed ``Mautic\PageBundle\Entity\Page $page`` and ``Mautic\PageBundle\Entity\Page $parent`` instead.

> Of course ``$children`` is an ArrayCollection of Page entities as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``$children`` is an ArrayCollection of Page entities as well.
```

.. vale on

> Please find a below an example of both Landing Page Tokens and Landing Page A/B Test Winner Criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of both Landing Page Tokens and Landing Page A/B Test Winner Criteria.
```
